Changelog
=========

[0.0.3] - October 12, 2024
--------------------------

- **GitLab Ready:**  Directory structure simplified:

  - src folder removed
  - masterpiece/base folder renamed to masterpiece/core
  - plugins folder moved outside the project, will be implemented as a separate project (one project - one repository principle)
  - Minor additions and improvements to Docstrings.


[0.0.2] - October 10, 2024
--------------------------

- **GitLab Ready:**  Revised documentation tone slightly to reflect a more professional and serious nature. Removed excessive humor that may have detracted from the perceived professionalism of the toolkit. 



-[0.0.1] - August 4, 2024
--------------------------

Pip release with Python pip package uploaded.

New Features and Improvements

- **Trademark** Cool (not?) slogan: Masterpiece - Quite a piece of work
- **Plugin API:** Enhanced the plugin API with two classes: 'Plugin' and 'PlugMaster' with compatibility with Python
  versions 3.8 and later. The most recent version tested is 3.12. 
- **Meta-Class Automation:** Per-class bureaucracy automated using Python's meta-class concept.
- **Folder Structure:** Redesigned for future expansion. There is now separate root folders for core and plugin modules.
- **Base Class:** Added new base class for MasterPiece applications in `base/application.py`.
- **Example Application:** Added `examples/myhome.py` to demonstrate the general structure of MasterPiece aapplications.
- **Startup Argument Parsing:** Added API for parsing startup arguments.
- **Serialization API:** Fully featured serialization with backward compatibility support implemented.
- **Documentation:** Added comprehensive docstrings to numerous classes, aiming for fully documented professional Python code.
- **Type Annotations:** Added type annotations to numerous previously non-typed method arguments, moving towards a fully typed Python code.
- **Sphinx conf.py:** Created default Sphinx 'conf.py' file in masterpiece/sphinx folder. 
- **Bug fixes and improvements:**
  
  - Added encoding="utf-8" to `open()` calls
  - Added exclude __pycache__ to MANIFEST.in, to avoid including the folders with the setup.


[0.0.0] - May 31, 2024
----------------------

Initial, private release (minimal set of classes unified from the RTE and JUHAM Python applications)

- **Base Class Draft:** Initial version of the `MasterPiece` and `Composite` classes.
- **Python Packaging:** Python package infrastructure setup using `pyproject.toml`, installable via pip.
- **Documentation:**
  
  - Added LICENSE, README, and other standard files in .rst format.
  - Developer documentation autogenerated with Sphinx toolset. Support for Doxygen dropped.
- **Project Name:** Named the project 'MasterPiece™', with a note that 'M' currently stands for mission rather than masterpiece.
- **Miscellaneous:** Some unconventional use of the Python programming language.

